hello everyone at home I'd like to say a
big thank you to our frontline workers
for everything that you've been doing
here is a song for everyone
sometimes in our lives we all have pain
we all have sorrow if we are playing all
their they always do my
lean on me
when you're not strong I'll be your
friend I'll help you
[Music]
it won't be long
then I'm gonna need somebody to me no
please
swallow your pride if I have things you
need to know I can feel that you want
so it just caught on the brother when
you need a hand we all need somebody to
lean on I just might have a problem that
you understand we all need somebody
No
when you're not strong I'll be your
friend I'll help you carry it won't be
long
don't call me they need a friend if you
need a friend call me if you need a
friend don't you know get the car man
you need love you need a fan
the call me
[Music]
Hey
thank you that was created as part of
the big nae n we hope you enjoyed it we
also hope that if you possibly can you
can follow the link and make a donation
right now up and down the United Kingdom
charities are providing urgent help to
people who really need it most
so she got a couple of quid bung it in
please help thank you